In the movie, My Cousin Vinny, Ralph Maccio's character, Bill, was interrogated for suspected murder. When the police officer asks him, "At what point did you shoot the clerk?" Bill replies in shock, "I shot the clerk? I shot the clerk?" Later in the film, the police officer reads Bill's statement as a confession in court, "...and he said, 'I shot the clerk. I shot the clerk.'"
I believe one should never deliberately hurt another person, that’s why I can never be a surgeon.
Rick: I had a dream last night that I won the lottery!  I have $1000 saved up, so I am buying 1000 tickets! Vici: You know, dreams are not accurate ways to predict the future; they are simply the result of random neurons firing. Rick: The last time I checked, you are no neurologist or psychologist, so how sure are you that I am not seeing the future? Vici: It’s possible you can be seeing the future, I guess.
Frieda: I just know that Raymond is just waiting to ask me out. Edna: He has been seeing Rose for three months now. Frieda: He is just seeing her to make me jealous. Edna: They’re engaged. Frieda: Well, that’s just his way of making sure I know about it.
My opponent suggests that lowering taxes will be a good idea -- this is coming from a woman who eats a pint of Ben and Jerry’s each night!
Salesman: This car gets better than average gas mileage and is one of the most reliable cars according to Consumer Reports. Will: I doubt it—you obviously just want to sell me that car.
Delores is a big supporter for equal pay for equal work.  This is the same policy that all those extreme feminist groups support.  Extremists like Delores should not be taken seriously -- at least politically.
Helga: You should not be eating that... it has been scientifically proven that eating fat burgers are no good for your health. Hugh: You eat fat burgers all the time so that can’t be true.
No people under the age of 66 are senior citizens. No senior citizens are children. Therefore, all people under the age of 66 are children.
I can’t stop eating these chocolates.  I really love chocolate, or I seriously lack willpower.  I know I really love chocolate; therefore, I cannot lack willpower.
If taxes are lowered, I will have more money to spend. I have more money to spend. Therefore, taxes must have been lowered.
People everywhere recognize the need to help the starving children of the world.
In programming CGI, a WYSIWYG interface doesn't handle PHP or CSS very well. If you sign up for my personal consulting, I will show you how to program effectively.
Max: If you’re not a witch, you have nothing to fear.  If you’re not a witch, you are not made of wood; therefore, you will sink and drown after we tie you up and throw you in the well.  If you do float, then you are made of wood, you are a witch, and we will hang you. Glinda: Wait, how is it I have nothing to worry about if I am not a witch?
The president is a good man and would have never cheated on his wife, and has never cheated in anything in the past.
It is said that we have a good understanding of our universe.  Therefore, we know exactly how it began and exactly when.
You know, they say that if you swallow gum it takes seven years to digest.  So whatever you do, don’t swallow the gum!
How dare you murder those carrots!
I have been around the block many times, and I have had my share of success.  So believe me when I tell you that there is no better hobby than cat-juggling.
Are you tired of being ignored by your government?  Is it right that the top 1% have so much when the rest of us have so little?  I urge you to vote for me today!
Richard Dawkins, an evolutionary biologist and perhaps the foremost expert in the field, says that evolution is true. Therefore, it's true.
Tom Cruise says on TV that Billy Boy Butter is the best tasting butter there is.  Tom Cruise is awesome -- especially in MI4 when he scaled that building with only one suction glove; therefore, Billy Boy Butter is the best tasting butter there is!
After the terrorist attack on the city, the citizens were outraged and wanted justice. So they arrested a Muslim man with no alibi who looked suspicious then charged him with the crime.
Bill: Steve, I am sorry to say, but you are a horrible driver! Steve: Why do you say that? Bill: This is your fourteenth accident this year. Steve: It’s just been an unlucky year for me.
Up until the late 16th century, most people believed that the earth was the center of the universe.  This was seen as enough of a reason back then to accept this as true.
My fellow Americans, I am just like you.  Sure, I have a few private jets and homes in twelve countries, but I put on my pants one leg at a time, just like you common people.  So believe me when I say, this increase in taxes for the common folk is just what we all need.
It's common sense that if you smack your children, they will stop the bad behavior. So don't tell me not to hit my kids.
Bill the Eye Guy: The development of the eye is monophyletic, meaning they have their origins in a proto-eye that evolved around 540 million years ago. Multiple eye types and subtypes developed in parallel. We know this partly because eyes in various animals show adaption to their requirements. Toby: Uh, that sounds made up. I don't think the eye could have evolved.
positive): If there is objective morality, then good moral behavior will be rewarded after death.  I want to be rewarded; therefore, morality must be objective.
Ken: Do you think gay marriage should be legalized? Paul: Absolutely not!  Marriage is defined as the union between a man and a woman—not between two men or two women! Ken: Did you know that in 1828 the dictionary definition of marriage included, “for securing the maintenance and education of children”?  Does that mean that all married couples who can’t or choose not to have children aren’t really married? Paul: No, it just means they need to buy updated dictionaries. Ken: As do you.  The current Merriam-Webster Dictionary includes as a secondary definition, “the state of being united to a person of the same sex in a relationship like that of a traditional marriage.”
These are desperate times, and desperate times call for desperate measures.  Therefore, I propose we exterminate all baby seals.  It is obvious that something must be done, and this is something.
:Power lines cause cancer.  I met a little boy with cancer who lived just 20 miles from a power line who looked into my eyes and said, in his weak voice, “Please do whatever you can so that other kids won’t have to go through what I am going through.”  I urge you to vote for this bill to tear down all power lines and replace them with monkeys on treadmills.
If women get paid maternity leave, so should men.
There is no way those Girl Scouts could have sold all those cases of cookies in one hour.  If they did, they would have to make $500 in one hour, which, based on an 8 hour day is over a million dollars a year.  That is more than most lawyers, doctors, and successful business people make!
Jimmie: Joseph Smith, the all American prophet, was the blond-haired, blue-eyed voice of God. Hollie: What is your evidence for that? Jimmie: I don't need evidence—I only need faith.
My 5th-grade teacher once told me that girls would go crazy for boys if they learn how to dance.  Therefore, if you want to make the ladies go crazy for you, learn to dance.
If we don’t bail out the big automakers, the US economy will collapse.  Therefore, we need to bail out the automakers.
You should certainly be the one who washes the dishes -- you are just so good at it!
Melvin: Boss, why do I have to work weekends when nobody else in the company does? Boss: Am I sensing insubordination?  I can find another employee very quickly, thanks to Craigslist, you know.
Judge: So why did you chop those people into little pieces and put the pieces in a blender? Crazy Larry: Because God told me to do it. Judge: Good enough for me.  Next case!
Nick: Did you know that if the sun were just a few miles closer to Earth, we would burn up, or if it were just a few miles further away we would all freeze? It is like someone put the sun there just for us! Suzy: Actually, the distance of the sun from Earth varies from about 91 million miles to 94.5 million miles, depending on the time of year. Nick: That can't be right. The sun never appears a few million miles further away!
Cult leaders appear to have a magical level of influence over their followers. They can do no wrong, and anything they say must be true. This mindset is enforced by rewards and punishments related to loyalty. When Jim Jones claimed that hostile forces would convert captured children of the cult to fascism, no fact-checking was involved. Out of loyalty to the leader, Jones’ followers reasoned that suicide was a better alternative and “drank the Kool-Aid” (Flavor Aid). Nine hundred and nine inhabitants of Jonestown died of apparent cyanide poisoning. Three hundred and four of them were children.
 I can appreciate natural food and products as much as the next granola-eating guy, but to make any claim of “betterness”, one needs to establish criteria by which to judge.  Perhaps not paying almost twice as much for the same general foods is “better” for me.  Perhaps I prefer a little insecticide on my apple to insects inside my apple, and maybe I like faux brunettes with perky breasts due to “unnatural” bra support.Natural is not always “better”.
I am only slightly obese.  That is perfectly normal here in America.
Two words: New Coke.
I really deserve an “A” on this paper, professor.  Not only did I study during my grandmother’s funeral, but I also passed up the heart transplant surgery, even though that was the first matching donor in 3 years.
Mormonism is one of the fastest growing sects of Christianity today so that whole story about Joseph Smith getting the golden plates that, unfortunately, disappeared back into heaven, must be true!
Brittany: I haven’t applied to any other schools besides Harvard. Casey: You think that is a good idea?  After all, you only have a 2.0 GPA, your SAT scores were pretty bad, and frankly, most people think you are not playing with a full deck. Brittany: Are you telling me that it is impossible for me to get in? Casey: Not *impossible*, but... Brittany: Then shut your trap.
It takes faith to believe in God just like it takes faith to believe in the Easter Bunny -- but at least the Easter Bunny is based on a creature that actually exists!
Richie: Lord Xylon is the one true ruler of the universe.Toby: Why do you think that?Richie: It is self-evident.
Aren't you tired of the political divisiveness in this country? Republicans know what they are talking about when it comes to immigration. Don't you agree?
Anthony: You know what's wrong with us today? We think too much! We need to act more with our heart and gut! Today is the first day of the rest of your life! Sign up for my 30-day program now for just $999.99! Audience: (Cheers uncontrollably).
Dave: For five generations, the men in our family went to Stanford and became doctors, while the women got married and raised children.  Therefore, it is my duty to become a doctor. Kaitlin: Do you want to become a doctor? Dave: It doesn’t matter -- it is our family tradition.  Who am I to break it?
I read in the Wall Street Journal that pork bellies are a good investment. So could I borrow a million dollars to invest?
Tom: I plan on chaining myself to the bulldozer so they can't knock down the senior center. Judy: That's just wrong. You'll get arrested. Don't be a bad person!
If we can put a man on the moon, we can cure all forms of cancer.
By rejecting God, you are rejecting goodness, kindness, and love itself.
(to be read extremely fast)I hereby submit that it is crystal clear that there is only one true God, without question, without reserve, without hesitation I can say this because I know the truth and I am here to share it with you.  Praise Allah!
Fortifying the dextrose coherence leads to applicable inherent of explicable tolerance; therefore, we should not accept this proposal.
Hi there, ladies (wink - teeth sparkle). I just want to say that all of you have the right to do what you will with your bodies, including the right to abortion.
Dad: You are failing math since you moved the Xbox to your room. You have been playing video games for at least 6 hours each day since. Before that, you consistently got A's and B's. Don't you think that the video games are the real problem here? Blake: No.
That movie, “Kill, Blood, Gore” deserves the Oscar for best picture.  There are other good movies, but not like that one.  Others may deserve an honorable mention, but not the Oscar, because “Kill, Blood, Gore” deserves the Oscar.
Kevin: I think there is good evidence that God exists because of the fine-tuning argument, the teleological argument, and perhaps because over 2 billion believe it as well. Sydney: It is ridiculous to believe in God just because a lot of other people do too!
Swami Patooty wrote, back in the 6th century, “To know oneself, is to one day self know.”  You don’t find pearls like that today!
Ivan: You cannot borrow my car because it turns back into a pumpkin at midnight. Sidney: If you really think that, you’re an idiot. Ivan: That is an ad hominem; therefore, I can’t be an idiot. Sidney: I beg to differ.
Dr. Dean, TV's hottest new psychologist, says that coffee enemas are the "fountain of youth." Get me that coffee enema!
Lolita: Bill stole the money from the company petty cash fund. Byron: How do you know? Lolita: Because Diane told me. Byron: How does she know? Lolita: Julian told her. Byron: Did anyone actually see Bill steal the money? Lolita:  I don’t know, we could ask Morris. Byron: Who’s he? Lolita: The guy who told Julian.
Although we have proven that the moon is not made of spare ribs, we have not proven that its core cannot be filled with them; therefore, the moon’s core is filled with spare ribs.
Marty: Doc, I'm from the future. I came here in a time machine that you invented. Now, I need your help to get back to the year 1985. Doc: I've had enough practical jokes for one evening. Good night, future boy!
Jay: Dude, where are my car keys? Silent Bob: (says nothing) Jay: I KNEW you took them!
Why does the law state that you have to be 21 years old to drink?  Does it really make any difference if you are 20 years and 364 days old?  That is absurd.  Therefore, if a single day makes no difference, then a collection of 1095 single days won’t make any difference. Therefore, changing the drinking age to 18 will not make any difference.
So you are saying your car is worth $20k.  I think it is worth $1, so let’s just compromise and say it is worth $10k. (Assuming the car is worth $20k)
Mike: Did you know that the author of the book, “Logically Fallacious,” made a fortune on the Internet? Jon: So? Mike: That means that this book must be awesome!
Daryl: Answer honestly, do you think if we were born and raised in Iran, by Iranian parents, we would still be Christian, or would we be Muslim? Ross: I think those of us raised in a place where Christianity is taught are fortunate. Daryl:  I agree, but do you think if we were born and raised in Iran, by Iranian parents, we would still be Christian, or would we be Muslim? Ross: Your faith is weak -- you need to pray to God to make it stronger. Daryl:  I guess you’re right.  What was I thinking?
Only 6% of applicants make it into this school, but my son is brilliant!  They are certainly going to accept him!
Paranormal activity is real because I have experienced what can only be described as paranormal activity.
Based on a survey of 1000 American homeowners, 99% of those surveyed have two or more automobiles worth on average $100,000 each.  Therefore, Americans are very wealthy.
During the Nazi war crimes trials at Nuremberg after World War II,  Nazi war criminals were charged with genocide, mass murder, torture, and other atrocities.  Their defense: "I was only following orders".
Dad, I actually did America a favor by crashing your car.  Now, some auto shop will have more work, their employees will make more money, those employees will spend their money, and who knows, they might just come to your store and buy some of your products!
Martin: All white people are not racists. Charlie: Yes they are. You just believe that because you are white.
Hank: I ran my car off the side of the road because that damn squirrel ran in front of my car. Officer Sam: You don’t think it had anything to do with the fact that you were trying to text your girlfriend, and driving drunk?
Employer: It says here on your resume that you are a hard worker, you pay attention to detail, and you don’t mind working long hours. Andy: Yes sir. Employer: I spoke to your previous employer.  He says that you constantly change things that should not be changed, you could care less about other people’s privacy, and you had the lowest score in customer relations. Andy: Yes, that is all true, as well. Employer: Great then.  Welcome to our social media team!
Circular definition: a definition that is circular.
Pvt. Joe Bowers: What are these electrolytes? Do you even know? Secretary of State: They're... what they use to make Brawndo! Pvt. Joe Bowers: But why do they use them to make Brawndo? Secretary of Defense: [raises hand after a pause] Because Brawndo's got electrolytes.
If I have a PhD, then I am smart. Therefore, if I am smart, then I have a PhD.
How many times per day do you beat your wife?
The only thing that is certain is uncertainty.
Teri: I don't know why that stuffed animal flew off my dresser this morning. I guess some things in life will forever remain a mystery!
Barto: If masks don’t work, how do you explain the almost perfect correlation between mask-wearing communities and lower transmission rates?Tikki: All this means is that in communities where more people where masks, the virus is less-likely to spread. It is not proof that masks are the reason.
While jogging around the neighborhood, you are more likely to get bitten by someone’s pet dog, than by any member of the canine species.
Noah’s ark has been found by the Russian government a long time ago, but because of their hate for religion, they have been covering it up ever since.
David: Can you believe that the president said, "fat people are losers"? Sam: Where did you hear this? David: I read it in a headline on BrightBert News. Sam: He actually said, "People who say, 'fat people are losers' are not only cruel, but they are also wrong as well as being irrational."
During the COVID-19 pandemic, there was much debate on reopening schools. Like with many issues, there was a strong partisan split where liberals were mostly against sending kids back to school, and conservatives were mostly for sending kids back to school. Several of my liberal friends commonly shared stories about kids getting sick, including this story posted with no comment nor argument:Health officials in Georgia confirmed this week that a 7-year-old boy with no underlying health conditions has died from the coronavirus, the youngest fatality from the pandemic in the state so far. The strategy is to let those who comment make the arguments that the one posting is not willing to make nor defend, and the one who shared the article can remain blameless. Children, especially healthy children with no underlying health conditions, dying from COVID-19 is extremely rare. Sharing stories of this happening gives people the impression that it is far more common than it actually is, causing them to make important decisions based on a poor understanding of the data.
Before we argue about the truth of creationism, let’s define creationism as, “The acceptance of a set of beliefs even more ridiculous than those of flat-earthers.”
I am not both a moron and an idiot. I am not a moron. Therefore, I am an idiot.
If it barks, it is a dog. It doesn’t bark. Therefore, it’s not a dog.
Rocco:  Do ya have the five grand you owe me or not? Paulie: I can get it. Rocco: That means you don’t have it? Paulie: I know someone who does. Rocco: Read my lips: do you have my money or not? Paulie: No. (sound of a baseball bat breaking kneecaps)
Mr. Pius goes to church every Sunday.  He gets most of his information about religion from church and does not really read the Bible too much.  Mr. Pius has a figurine of St. Mary at home.  Last year, when he went to Rome, he toured the Vatican.  From this information, Mr. Pius is more likely to be Catholic than a Catholic or a Muslim.
Sergio: There is no way I would ever even consider taking dancing lessons.Kitty: How about I ask my friend from work to teach you?Sergio: If you know someone who is willing to teach me how to dance, then I am willing to learn, sure.
Husband: I forbid you to go to that male strip club! That is a completely inappropriate thing for a wife to do! Wife: What about when you went to the female strip club last year? Husband: That was just for fun, and besides, that's different.
Men score better on math than women do. Jerry is a man. Therefore, Jerry is better at math than Sylvia, who is a woman.
I want to have myself a merry little Christmas, but I refuse to do as the song suggests and make the yuletide gay.  I don't think sexual preference should have anything to do with enjoying the holiday.
Elba: I can’t believe the art critic said my artwork is awful! Rowena: He must have meant it in the old sense of the word -- that your artwork inspired awe! Elba: Yes!  That makes sense now!
No kangaroos are MMA fighters. Some MMA fighters are not Mormons. Therefore, some Mormons are not kangaroos.
All babysitters have pimples. All babysitter club members are babysitters. Therefore, some babysitter club members have pimples.
Jennie: Anyone who doesn’t have a problem with slaughtering animals for food, should not, in principle, have a problem with an advanced alien race slaughtering us for food. Carl: Fruitarians, the crazy people who won’t eat anything except for fruit that fell from the tree, are also against slaughtering animals for food.  Are you crazy like them?
FACT: On average, 150,000 people die every day around the world. It is crazy to panic about a virus that, at its peak, was killing 8,000 people per day. But what else can be expected from a moron like you who rejects facts?
Tracy: I don’t like him because of his aura. TJ: What do you mean by that? Tracy: I mean that he is projecting a field of subtle, luminous radiation that is negative.
Tour Guide: This fossil right here is 120,000,003 years old.Guest: How do you know that?Tour Guide: Because when I started working here three years ago, the experts did some radiometric dating and told me that it was 120,000,000 years old.
All lions are animals. All cats are animals. Therefore, all lions are cats.
Each brick in that building weighs less than a pound.  Therefore, the building weighs less than a pound.
His house is about half the size of most houses in the neighborhood. Therefore, his doors must all be about 3 1/2 feet high.
Everyone should do something nice for someone. I am someone, so everyone should do something nice for me!
All cats are felines. All dogs are canines. Therefore, all cats are canines.
President Trump said that he was proud of the children who participated in this year's Special Olympics. Those kids are a bunch of losers.
But professor, I got all these facts from a program I saw on TV once... I don’t remember the name of it though.
All Hollywood Squares contestants are bad actors. Therefore, all bad actors are Hollywood Squares contestants.
 choices): You are either with God or against him.
Mom: Watching TV that close will make you go blind, so move back!Jonny: That is B.S., Mom. Sorry, I am not moving.
President Petutti ordered a military strike that killed many civilians. He is no different than any other mass murder and he belongs in prison!
Freddie: People are mean to me wherever I go. It is clear that we live in a cruel world with people who are mostly nasty. If you don’t see that, something is wrong with you!
Seth: How did my keys get in your coat pocket?Terrence: Honestly, I don’t know,  but I have a theory.  Last night, a unicorn was walking through the neighborhood.  The local leprechauns did not like this intrusion, so they dispatched the fairies to make the unicorn go away.  The fairies took your keys and dropped them on the unicorn, scaring the unicorn back from where he came.  The fairies then returned your keys but accidentally put them in my coat pocket.
Broccoli has significantly less fat than the leading candy bar!
Why can't your daughter fall in line like the other girls?
Lindi and Jonah claim that Elvis is still alive and living on the planet Hounddogian, in the constellation Bluesuede. When questioned about their odd beliefs, Lindi and Jonah confidently reply, "You know, people thought Galileo was nuts, too."
I have flipped heads five times in a row.  As a result, the next flip will probably be tails.
Lisa was brainwashed as a child into thinking that people are generally good.  Therefore, people are not generally good.
The term was coined by Eugenie Scott of the National Center for Science Education in the 1990s. Dr. Scott coined the term based on the behavior of creationist Duane Gish in formal debates. Dr. Scott states:“On the radio, I have been able to stop Gish, et al, and say, ‘Wait a minute, if X is so, then wouldn't you expect Y?’ or something similar, and show that their ‘model’ is faulty. But in a debate, the evolutionist has to shut up while the creationist Gallops along, spewing out nonsense with every paragraph.”
My father smoked four packs of cigarettes a day since age fourteen and lived until age sixty-nine.  Therefore, smoking really can’t be that bad for you.
Reporter: Mr. Congressman, where do you stand on the clean water vs. new factory issue? Congressman: Of course, I want our state to have the cleanest water possible.  I can appreciate the petition against the new factory as I can also appreciate the new jobs introduced in our community as a result of the new factory.
Freddie: All women are evil, manipulative, man-haters. Wade: Including your mother and best friend? Freddie: Not them, but all the others. Wade: How can you say that, when you only know maybe a hundred or so women? Freddie: Obviously, I am talking about the ones I know.
You should have never taken the back roads to the concert.  If you had taken the main roads, you would not have been stuck in all that traffic due to the accident.
Bert: How do eyes project an image to your brain? Ernie: Think of it as a little guy in your brain watching the movie projected by your eyes. Bert: Ok, but what is happening in the little guy in your head’s brain? Ernie: Well, think of it as a little guy in his brain watching a movie...
Marta: (shooting craps) Let's just cash in now. We did great, but let's quit while we're ahead. Carlos: Forget it! We are hot! Let's see how long this streak will last!
Do you love your country? Do you love your family? Do you care about their wellbeing? Then you would love Eatme ice-cream!
If you took that course on CD player repair right out of high school, you would be doing well and gainfully employed right now.
S.J. Sam: Asian people in this country are systematically passed over in the tech field for non-Asians. Cindy: Actually, according to most research, employers are biased in favor of Asian technical workers. S.J. Sam: Unless you are Asian, keep your mouth shut. You can't possibly know the struggles of the Asian community!
This example is actually the origin of the fallacy, which refers to a 1952 speech by Noah S. “Soggy” Sweat, Jr., a young lawmaker from the U.S. state of Mississippi, on the subject of whether Mississippi should continue to prohibit (which it did until 1966) or finally legalize alcoholic beverages.  I think it is hilarious, so I am including it here in its entirety.My friends, I had not intended to discuss this controversial subject at this particular time. However, I want you to know that I do not shun controversy. On the contrary, I will take a stand on any issue at any time, regardless of how fraught with controversy it might be. You have asked me how I feel about whiskey. All right, here is how I feel about whiskey: If when you say whiskey you mean the devil’s brew, the poison scourge, the bloody monster, that defiles innocence, dethrones reason, destroys the home, creates misery and poverty, yea, literally takes the bread from the mouths of little children; if you mean the evil drink that topples the Christian man and woman from the pinnacle of righteous, gracious living into the bottomless pit of degradation, and despair, and shame and helplessness, and hopelessness, then certainly I am against it. But, if when you say whiskey you mean the oil of conversation, the philosophic wine, the ale that is consumed when good fellows get together, that puts a song in their hearts and laughter on their lips, and the warm glow of contentment in their eyes; if you mean Christmas cheer; if you mean the stimulating drink that puts the spring in the old gentleman’s step on a frosty, crispy morning; if you mean the drink which enables a man to magnify his joy, and his happiness, and to forget, if only for a little while, life’s great tragedies, and heartaches, and sorrows; if you mean that drink, the sale of which pours into our treasuries untold millions of dollars, which are used to provide tender care for our little crippled children, our blind, our deaf, our dumb, our pitiful aged and infirm; to build highways and hospitals and schools, then certainly I am for it. This is my stand. I will not retreat from it. I will not compromise.
No Catholics are Jews. Therefore, no non-Jews are non-Catholics. (contraposition)
All hotdogs are fast food. No hamburgers are hotdogs. Therefore, no hamburgers are fast food.
All Catholics are Christian. All Christians are Jesus lovers. Therefore, all Jesus lovers are Catholic.
The lady in the pink dress is Julia Roberts. The reporter thinks the lady in the pink dress drives a Prius. Therefore, the reporter thinks Julia Roberts drives a Prius.
Frieda Freestuff: I can’t believe you support Trump. Didn’t you see the Trump rally with the group of supporters holding up signs for “White Power?” Do you really want to be associated with that message?Garry Godznguns: Those aren’t Trump supporters; they are liberals pretending to be Trump supporters just to make Trump supporters look bad.Frieda Freestuff: It’s working.
One of my favorite candies, Raisinets, advertises on their package that the product contains 40% less fat. In fairness, they do have an asterisk then in much smaller writing, "than the leading candy bar."
"I never said most of the things I said." - Yogi Berra
My mom says that I should study for at least 2 hours each night, and my dad says just a half hour should be fine.  Neither one of them knows what they are talking about, so I should just skip studying altogether.
Billy murdered all those people because I spanked him when he was a child.
Wife: Should we buy the house?Husband: The Realtor didn’t say anything about any problems, so I am sure it is fine. Let’s get it!
Trebor: Mom, can David sleepover tonight? Mom: No. Trebor:  Why not? Mom: Because. Trebor: Because why? Mom: Because I said so!  End of discussion!
Maury, you should really wear a helmet when playing chess.  You can easily get excited, fall off your chair, and crack your head open.
In an example used by Sigmund Freud in The Interpretation of Dreams, a man accused by his neighbor of having returned a kettle in a damaged condition offered three arguments: That he had returned the kettle undamaged;That it was already damaged when he borrowed it;That he had never borrowed it in the first place.
Here is why I think my date never showed up: her father had a heart-attack, and she had to rush him to the hospital.  In her state of panic, she forgot her cell phone and while at the hospital she was too concerned about her dad to worry about standing me up.
My dog goes through our garbage because he is a dog.
My car broke down because it is no longer working.
John: Can you please help me push my car to the side of the road until the tow truck comes? Paul: Why push it to the side of the road?  Why not just leave it? John: It is slowing down traffic unnecessarily where it is. Paul: Many things slow down traffic—do you feel you need to do something about all them? John: No, but this was my fault. Paul: Was it really? Were you the direct cause of your car breaking down? John: Are you going to help me move this damn car or not?!
The best example of this fallacy is presented by the person who coined this term, Nassim Nicholas Taleb in his 2007 book, The Black Swan.  There are two people:Dr. John, who is regarded as a man of science and logical thinking. Fat Tony, who is regarded as a man who lives by his wits. A third party asks them, "assume a fair coin is flipped 99 times, and each time it comes up heads. What are the odds that the 100th flip would also come up heads?"  Dr. John says that the odds are not affected by the previous outcomes so the odds must still be 50/50.  Fat Tony says that the odds of the coin coming up heads 99 times in a row are so low (less than 1 in 6.33 × 1029) that the initial assumption that the coin had a 50/50 chance of coming up heads is most likely incorrect.
Did you see that bar graph in USA Today?  It showed a HUGE spike in the moral decline of our country!
Mr. Governor issues a proclamation for the people of his state to pray for rain.  Several months later, it rains.  Praise the gods!
Donald Trump Jr. Tweeted: If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you. Would you take a handful? That's our Syrian refugee problem.
What’s north of the North Pole?

In Detroit, there is a 10-year-old living on the street selling drugs to stay alive.  In Los Angeles, a 19-year-old prostitute works the streets.  America’s youth is certainly in serious trouble.
Jeremy: Drinking Diet Cosie Cola will result in the reversal of male-pattern baldness. Rick: This has never been established scientifically. Jeremy: That is because it must be mixed with another ingredient. Rick: Which is...? Jeremy: They haven’t found it yet.
If Debbie and TJ have two sons and two daughters, then they must have at least one son.Debbie and TJ have two sons and two daughters.Therefore, Debbie and TJ must have at least one son.
 While, morally speaking, adultery and philandering may be wrong, this has no bearing on the biological aspect of the desire or need. In other words, what we shouldn’t do (according to moral norms), is not necessarily the same as what we are biologically influenced to do. Also note that moral judgments are more commonly stated as facts (e.g., “philandering is wrong”) than expressed as “oughts” (e.g., “philandering ought to be wrong”). This causes people to confuse the naturalistic and moralistic fallacies.
Ken: There has to be an objective morality because otherwise terms like “right” and “wrong” would be meaningless since they have no foundation for comparison.  Rob: The terms “right” and “wrong” are based on cultural norms, which do have a subjective foundation -- one that changes as the moral sphere of the culture changes.  The term “heavy” does not have an objective standard, yet we have no problem using that term in a meaningful way.  In fact, very few relational terms have any kind of objective foundation. Ken: But without an objective morality, we would all be lost morally as a race. Rob: Many would say that we are. Ken: But how can you say that torturing children for fun is morally acceptable in any situation? Rob: Personally, I wouldn’t, but you are implying that anything that is not objective must necessarily be seen in all possible ways. A feather may not be seen as “heavy” to anyone, but that doesn’t mean its “lightness” is still not relative to other objects. Ken: But God is the standard of objective morality.  Prove that wrong! Rob: That I cannot do.
100 independent studies were conducted comparing brain tumor rates of those who use cell phones to those who don’t. 90 of the tests showed no significant difference in the rates. 5 of the tests showed that cell phone users were more than twice as likely to develop tumors than those who don’t use cell phones. 5 of the tests showed that cell phone users were half as likely to develop tumors than those who don’t use cell phones. FunTel Mobile’s new ad, “Studies show: Cell phone users are half as likely to develop brain tumors!”
 If we break this down, we can say the claim is that homosexuality (X) is not normal (X is not). We are arguing that homosexuality is morally wrong (X ought not to be) because it is not normal (X is not). The claim that homosexuality is not normal is based on defining normality as “commonly occurring.” We can see the flaw in this argumentation through a simple analogy: lying, cheating, and stealing are normal (in that most people do it at some time in their lives), but this doesn’t make those actions morally good.
If Barry Manilow sings love songs, then he is gay. Therefore, if Barry Manilow does not sing love songs, then he is not gay.
All cats are animals. Some pets are cats. Therefore, some pets are not animals.
What’s the point of making drinking illegal under the age of 21?  Kids still manage to get alcohol.
In 2011, Christian broadcaster, Harold Camping, (once again) predicted the end of the world via Jesus, and managed to get many Christians to join his alarmist campaign.  During this time, and especially after the Armageddon date had passed,  many Christian groups publicly declared that Camping is not a “true Christian”.  On a personal note, I think Camping was and is as much of a Christian as any other self-proclaimed Christian and religious/political/ethical beliefs aside, I give him credit for having the cojones to make a falsifiable claim about his religious beliefs.
People generally like to walk on the beach.  Beaches have sand.  Therefore, having sand floors in homes would be a great idea!
Judge: In all my years as a federal judge I have never seen a defendant make such a good effort to prove his innocence.  As a result, I rule for the defendant.
Politically ideological individuals on social media consistently post quotes, articles, and stories about the heroes on their side of the political spectrum and villains on the other side in an attempt to influence public perception of their political adversaries. The implied message is, “See, this is what the liberals, are like and this is what the conservatives are like.”
FAUX News runs a story about an illegal immigrant who committed a horrible crime. The commentators talk about this case for weeks, expressing outrage about the serious danger illegal immigrants pose to the good people of the United States.
P1. Lead poisoning can contribute to violent behavior. P2. Many inner city children have dangerous levels of lead in their blood.C. Therefore, violent crime in the inner city can be solved by curing the lead problem.
Besides charities, comfort, community cohesion, rehabilitation, and helping children learn values, religion poisons everything.
Michael is part of the Jackson Five.  Without Tito and company, he will never make it.
Tim: Boss, you heard my side of the story why I think Bill should be fired and not me.  Now, I am sure Bill is going to come to you with some pathetic attempt to weasel out of this lie that he has created.
Racial/cultural profiling at airports is wrong.  An adult, middle-eastern male is just as likely to be a terrorist as a four-year-old American girl.
In looking at the records of my students, I have found that 9 out of 10 are an only child.  Therefore, society is moving towards one-child families.
Starbeam: Of course, astrology is true!Nate: How do you know this?Starbeam: Because on the days I forget to consult my horoscope, things always go wrong.
All good Catholics know that impure thoughts are the work of the devil, and should be resisted at all costs.
Jose writes that "people are mostly good at heart." The author is simply wrong.
Professor Xavier says that the egg certainly came before the chicken.  He won the Nobel prize last year for his work in astronomy, and the MMA world championship -- so I don’t dare question his claim.
God exists.  Until you can prove otherwise, I will continue to believe that he does.
George: Man, those girls are smokin' hot! Derek: No, they're not. You're a victim of the cheerleader effect. When girls are together in a group, each girl looks a lot better than if you were to see her without the other girls.
Everybody has a mother. Therefore, there is some woman out there who is the mother of us all.
Depook: Quantum physics provides evidence that a cosmic consciousness exists. Sam: ???
Every time I go to sleep, the sun goes down.  Therefore, my going to sleep causes the sun to set.
I can’t go with you to that opera because I have a deadline at work coming up, plus I need to wash my hair that night.

Mike: It is morally wrong to cheat on your spouse, why on earth would you have done that? Ken: But what is morality exactly? Mike: It’s a code of conduct shared by cultures. Ken: But who creates this code?...
I am going into surgery tomorrow so please pray for me.  If enough people pray for me, God will protect me from harm and see to it that I have a successful surgery and speedy recovery.
Peter Gibbons: It's NOT wrong. INITECH is wrong. INITECH is an evil corporation, all right? Chochkies is wrong. Doesn't it bother you that you have to get up in the morning and you have to put on a bunch of pieces of flair? Joanna: Yeah, but I'm not about to go in and start taking money from the register. Peter Gibbons: Well, maybe you should. You know, the Nazis had pieces of flair that they made the Jews wear. Joanna: What?
I had a real bad headache, then saw my doctor.  Just by talking with him, my headache started to subside, and I was all better the next day.  It was well worth the $200 visit fee.
Dr. Simmons: I am working on a way to lengthen the human lifespan to about 200 years.Misty: You are declaring war on Mother Nature, and Mother Nature always wins!
Be happy with the 1972 Chevy Nova you drive.  There are many people in this country who don’t even have a car.
Jen: Don’t you realize that all this drinking you are doing is making your family miserable? Bridget: Yes, I do. Jen: Then what are you doing about it? Bridget: Drinking to forget.
Ricki: Do you think aborted fetuses have feelings? Jenni: I follow the lead of my grandmother who is the most honorable and kind person I know. She says they do have feelings.
Carl: Hi Billy, it is great to meet you! I think you will be happy here at Friendly Manufacturing, Inc. Billy: Hey, you're Irish!  Irish people make great factory workers—that is where they are happiest.  I am surprised to see you in management.  Carl: Excuse me?? Billy: Don't mind me.  I am just expressing my constitutional right to freedom of speech.  Do you have a problem with our Constitution?  Do you hate America?
I know I got drunk, slapped the waitress on the behind, then urinated in the parking lot... from inside the restaurant, but that was Satan who had a hold of me.
News Anchor on TV: The Dow Jones was up 200 points today, NASDAQ closed up 120 points, unemployment is and has been declining steadily, but foreclosures have not budged.Jimbo: Did you hear that?  Our economy is in the crapper!
Ricki: Do you think aborted fetuses have feelings?Jenni: Any honorable and kind person would have to say they do have feelings. So yes.
Wherever you go, there you are.
Jack: I have tiny, invisible unicorns living in my anus. Nick: How do you figure? Jack: Can you prove that I don't? Nick: No. Jack: Then I do.
This example is taken from the Skeptic’s Dictionary (http://www.skepdic.com/shoehorning.html).After the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon on September 11, 2001, fundamentalist Christian evangelists Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson shoehorned the events to their agenda. They claimed "liberal civil liberties groups, feminists, homosexuals and abortion rights supporters bear partial responsibility...because their actions have turned God's anger against America." According to Falwell, God allowed "the enemies of America...to give us probably what we deserve." Robertson agreed. The American Civil Liberties Union has "got to take a lot of blame for this," said Falwell and Robertson agreed. Federal courts bear part of the blame, too, said Falwell, because they've been "throwing God out of the public square." Also, "abortionists have got to bear some burden for this because God will not be mocked," said Falwell and Robertson agreed.
We cannot unlock our child from the closet because if we do, she will want to roam the house.  If we let her roam the house, she will want to roam the neighborhood.  If she roams the neighborhood, she will get picked up by a stranger in a van, who will sell her in a sex slavery ring in some other country.  Therefore, we should keep her locked up in the closet.
Yes, I do think that all drunk drivers should go to prison, but your honor, he is my son!  He is a good boy who just made a mistake!
Senator Elizabeth Warren was recently under attack because it was discovered that the men on her staff were paid, on average, considerably more than the women on her staff—an issue that Warren has campaigned on many times. While the facts are true (men are paid more on her staff), in many analyses, relevant data was excluded such as the criteria necessary to prove the claim that women on Senator Warren's staff were paid less than their male counterparts for equivalent work [1]. In fairness to some conservative outlets that reported this story, some used this as an example to show that there is more to the story than just raw numbers.
Of course, the Koran is not a history or science book, but each and every story in it does contain a spiritual truth.
It seems like we are constantly hearing about crimes committed on our streets.  America is a very dangerous place.
I used to be a Christian, now I know better.
French people are great at kissing.  Julie is French.  Get me a date!
Reason and logic are not always reliable, so we should not count on it to help us find truth.
Ted: Biological evolution is both a theory and a fact. Edwin: That is ridiculous!  How can you possibly be absolutely certain that we evolved from pond scum! Ted: Actually, that is a gross misrepresentation of my assertion.  I never claimed we evolved from pond scum.  Unlike math and logic, science is based on empirical evidence and, therefore, a scientific fact is something that is confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional consent.  The empirical evidence for the fact that biological evolution does occur falls into this category.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
Jane: You know, smoking might not be the most healthy habit to start. Terry: Smoking is unhealthy for most people, but not for me.
The reason billions of children starve to death each year is because we live in a world that does not care.
I have already paid a consultant $1000 to look into the pros and cons of starting that new business division.  He advised that I shouldn’t move forward with it because it is a declining market.  However, if I don’t move forward, that $1000 would have been wasted, so I better move forward anyway.
Rick: I need to know if we should stop for lunch or not.  You are either hungry or not hungry, which is it? Tina: If being hungry is being able to eat, I am always hungry.
Let's use the example of automobile accidents since we have relatively good data on these. According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, roughly 32,000 people die each year on the roads in the United States. The number of people involved in fatal accidents is roughly double that amount, meaning that about half of the people survive, and half die. Let's say that 80% of people involved in a fatal accident reach out for supernatural help. Given an even distribution among survivors and non survivors this would mean that 25,600 people who reach out for supernatural help die and 25,600 who reach out for supernatural help live to tell about it. Now we need to add in the 20% of survivors who did not reach out for supernatural help that lived: 6,400. So what we end up with is a group of 32,000 survivors, 80% of whom appear to have been saved by supernatural intervention. Of course, dead men don't tell tales, so we forget about the 80% of those who died and reached out for supernatural help and didn't get it. Because of the survivorship bias, we have a radically biased sample that leads to a fallacious conclusion.
The “prophet” Nostradamus wrote about 500 years ago: Beasts wild with hunger will cross the rivers,The greater part of the battle will be against Hister.He will cause great men to be dragged in a cage of iron,When the son of Germany obeys no law. Surely he must have had some vision of Hitler!
The presidential nominee has been accused of being racist.  But he recently stated that he really liked the movie, “Roots,” so I guess he isn’t racist.
Gertrude: I am tired of having to fill out these forms all day. Can't we find a more efficient system? Cindy-Lou: If you're not happy with the way we do things, we can find someone who is!
Jimmy stole Tommy’s lunch in the past. Therefore, it is acceptable for Tommy to steal Jimmy’s lunch today.
Salesperson: Toyota manufactures like four dozens of cars, so if you don't like this one you can see others.Prospect: I would have guessed they made closer to millions of cars.
I have tiny, invisible unicorns living in my anus.  Unfortunately, these cannot be detected by any kind of scientific equipment.
Some atheists are human. Therefore, some atheists are not human.
My son is made up of five letters.
Not believing in the literal resurrection of Jesus because the Bible has errors and contradictions, is like denying that the Titanic sank because eye-witnesses did not agree if the ship broke in half before or after it sank.
I don’t want anything coming in the way of me and my beliefs; therefore, I will only socialize with people who share my beliefs.
I know in my heart of hearts that our home team will win the World Series.
